Alright, we're gonna start getting into,
like the permissions part of this course
where people are allowed to do specific things
depending on if they own the item
or if they have administrator privileges
or if they have custom permissions,
and before we do any of that,
we actually need to have a relationship
between our user and our actual item
because, when someone creates something, right,
now there's, we don't know who has created it, right?
We need to able to tie it to a specific user.
And the way that we're gonna do that
is first we're gonna open up our datamodel.graphql
and we'll go down to our type of item
and you'll see that we have this createAt: and
updateAt: and we actually don't need that, that's
there by default.
But we want to add the user
and this is a relationship between the user and the items.
So the user is just a type of user
and then when we create an item we're going to link up
a users id, in the item's user property
and that will allow us to populate the user and
any other information that's associated with that item.
So, it just changed my data model and you should know by now
what is the one thing we have to do anytime we change
our data model is to redeploy that to Prisma.
So lets go back to our terminal here, and I'm gonna quit it
and we're gonna run npm run deploy and bit of an error here.
You are creating a required relationship, but
there are already modes that would violate this constraint.
Oh, of course because right now these have no user and
we're telling it that there is going to be a user field
that is required, that's what the bang is right?
So, what we have to do here is you can either force it,
I don't recommend that cause you're then you're then gonna
get into errors that you are hard to solve.
Or, you can just go head and delete this or update
all of your existing ones.
So, I'm just gonna go ahead and delete everything
I suggest you do the same thing, and then we will
go ahead and redeploy that.
It's obviously not working cause I have to run
my server in order to do it.
It's probably, it's a good thing to notice here is like
what are some common things that you should think about.
Is your server running?
That's probably a good one to think about. Alright, does
the delete work now?
Beautiful delete, delete, delete.
This is where we get into that pagination issue
where if I refresh the page now, we see four more
fairly soon and I'll probably be able to
every time we delete one, like delete this one
it should re-fetch page one and then pop in that,
that newest one it should re-fetch page two
which should have been shifted down by one
and it will re-fetch page three which have now been
shifted down by one.
So, let's go ahead and delete them all
Up, up, up
delete and then refresh page one again.
Good. And I'm willing to bet now, if we cut it
and npm run deploy. It's gonna work.
Looks like it works! In good shapes so that's that.
Now we need to open up our mutation
resolver for when we create an item.
First thing we want to do, check if they're logged in.
That's why we have that to do here.
So, what we will do here is we'll say if
there is no context, dot request, dot user id,
then we're just gonna throw an error.
You must be logged in to do that.
Good. Now let's actually test that.
So npm run dev.
I'm gonna sign out.
I'm gonna manually go to the sale page.
And you can see I'm still able to see the sale
even though I'm not signed in.
We're gonna fix that with a rapper component
that checks if you're logged in.
But now if I try to upload something.
Go ahead and submit it.
It says, "Shoot, you must be logged in to do that"
so good.
You always wanna like kind of have
two levels of security here.
You wanna check on the backend,
which is the actual secure part.
And then we wanna provide interface on the front end
that stops people from maybe getting confused if
they were to accidentally stumble upon this
and realize they're not signed in.
That's what we will do in a coming episode,
So that's done there,
then we'll go done to this data and add the user.
So say we're spreading all of the fields so the image,
the title, the price, and the description into the data.
We also want to add a user.
And the way that you make relationships in Prisma
is that you give your user, which is a object.
And we give it a connect and we want to connect it
on another object where the id is equal to the context
dot request, dot user id.
So this is the way that we provide relationships.
Let's put a little comment on there.
This is how we create a relationship between the item
and the user.
Now if I were to go ahead and sign in,
and try to sell something,
submit it, it obviously works.
But if we were to go into our data explorer,
go to our item,
you'll see now we have a user id which ends in three eight.
And if we were to go to our users,
you'll see that this is the user that I use to sign in,
and that ends in three.
So that is a relationship between the two.
So, pretty simple to actually make these relationships.
In the next couple of videos we're to be diving a little
bit deeper into some advanced permission work,
other than you not being logged in.